across Gaza thousands of Palestinians
forcibly displaced from their homes are
living in tents with more than
450,000 houses damaged many have no
place to go and others are trying to
avoid the bombardment that has killed at
least 37,000 people but even tents are
not safe from Israeli
attack we are living in fear we go to
sleep praying to live till the next
morning not to get bombed these
occupation forces are targeting our
tents killing innocent women and
children our life is more than dire it
is a misery as well as the danger from
Israel's bombardment living in tents
bring its own set of problems
Palestinian families are forced to call
tents like these their new homes they do
not have running water showers or even
toilets and some tents are very small
you can't even stand up
inside without proper sanitation and
clean water dentan diarrhea have become
dangerously common among children under
the age of five and many diseases like
hepatitis are spreading rapidly with
fears of possible
epidemics this is not helped by the lack
of facilities to dispose of sewage and
rubbish or the increasing summer heat
but there's nowhere else for
Palestinians to
go there is no safe place in the entire
Gaza Strip the Isis alleg that they are
targeting militants but they are lying
all victims are defenseless innocent
civilians un agencies and health
professionals fear that until a
ceasefire is in place and Aid is allowed
in the situation will continue to
deteriorate and more lives will be
lost
Altin make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer